Last time us Geordies hit Greece...
It was complete carnage.
Gary and Charlotte actually proved
that they can be "friends".
We're in a good place.
Chloe was so into Scott.
I do actually like you.
Scott didn't give a shit.
I like you as a mate.
I don't like you in that way.
I had some massive news
for the whole family.
I'm gay.
Love you.
And the whole family
was right behind him.
It means even more fanny
for the fucking turbo dick.
Kyle broke Holly's heart
and divided the house.
I can't put you through this
any more.I loved you.
Who the fuck you talking to, man?
The lads had one of the biggest
bust-ups we've ever had.
Gary! (screams) Gary!
I'm fucking sick of it.
Kyle had to go.
(sobs)
Marnie got engaged.
Will you marry me?Yes.
(all scream)
..and left the family. Bye.
Nine became seven.
But the family lived on.
And now we're stronger than ever.
Watch out, Newcastle. We are back.
We're gonna go fucking acka.
It's time to smash Newcastle.
We're on the pull!
Things are gonna go pure radge.
What the fuck?
(screams)
(shouting)
Calm the fuck down!
This time, there's gonna be
more necking on.
More kick-offs.
(screams)
More drama.
Slag! More tears, more tantrums,
more loving, more shagging,
more drunk-ness.
Howay, Chloe, man.
And more falling over!
Sounds fucking mint!
Watch out, Newcastle,
cos the Geordie squad
are back in the fucking mix.
Let's get this fucking party
started. Let the games begin.
You are a fucking liar!
Newcastle! Oi, oi!
It's time to tear up the toon.
(all scream)
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I'd never kiss anyone
without a six pack.
Get me in this house cos I'm gonna
tear it up.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm cheeky, colourful,
full of mischief.
I'm fake, I'm flirty
and I've got double Fs.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
The Geordies
are back on their home turf
so we are gonna buck the arse
clean off the toon.
I'm back, bitches!
I've got brand-new sparkling
gnashers, a sassy attitude.
Newcastle, watch out!
Hi, baby!
(squeals)
I'm so excited to get back to
the house with my best friend Chloe.
But what the fuck's her mam doing
here? And why is she riding shotgun?
Is this your car? Can you drive?
Yeah!
I'm petrified getting in the car
with Chloe.
I hope I get there in one piece.
Nathan.Mm-hm.
You know I've just turned 20?
And I'm a woman.
I've decided I wanna be a bad bitch.
When I see Scott,
I'm gonna ignore him
and pretend he's not even there.
Treat 'em mean, keep 'em keen.
That's what a bad bitch would do.
Us bad bitches ride together.
I would high-five you
but I don't want you
to take your eyes off the road.
(horn honks)We're back home,
where we belong. Howay, Gaz.
Get your arse in the car,
it's fucking party time.
I'll do everything exactly the same
as I did in Greece. It was perfect.
Had a laugh, did everything
I wanted, apart from pull a bird.
That's right.
Gaz is still in a relationship
and I'm still loving it.
This time round, I'm picking Gaz up.
I'm sure everyone thinks
that I used to get the bus. Who
the fuck would get on one of them?
Since last time,
I've been a bit of a tit.
I've got too many points
on my licence,
which means I've been banned
from driving for a while.
So the only option to get to
the Geordie Shore house is the bus.
Last time around,
I had a total nightmare.
But this time, I'm really excited
to just have fun with Charlotte.
(phone rings)
Hi, Char!
I'm on my way to the house,
where are you?
What?
What can be more important
than seeing your best friend?
I'm going back into the house
where there's so many memories
and with Kyle not being there
as well,
it's gonna be really,
really difficult for us.
Meeting up with the family this time
isn't gonna be easy.
I'm coming back into the house
with a massive secret.
Cheers, mate. Nice one.
Fuck me, I've never ran so much
in my entire life.
I feel like Usain Bolt after
he's just necked a pack of Haribo.
But I've gotta swallow my pride
because I would never miss this
for the fucking world. Oi, oi!
Hold on a minute. I've nashed
out of mine, nashed to the bus stop,
got the bus, nashed to the house
and I still manage
to be the first one here?
Talk about
Scotty On Time Fucking T.
"Welcome home. Night off
so enjoy yourselves, Anna." Slag.
Fucking sound.
There's shots all over the table.
I am not messing about here, like.
Heeeey!
Necksies.
I'm gonna bang out some Jaeger bombs
and go and check out
my favourite room in the house.
(laughs) What the fuck?
So I walk in the shag pad
and what is going on with the bed?!
It's round and fucking tiny.
Howay, Anna.
I'm not a fucking Labrador.
Mmm, yeah.
Hello? I've walked in the house
and it looks absolutely wicked.
I'm so excited to be here.
But where the fuck is everyone else?
Eh? Three? This is weird. It looks
like some kind of Jaeger monster
has snuck in here before me.
I'm gonna fix myself a strong drink
and hunt the fucker down.
(laughs) I'm lying in this bed in
the shag pad, testing the durability
then fucking Holly walks in.
Howay, babe.
Get them big fucking tits
in my basket. Hollies!
No, no! Please, no!
Listen, you know it's fate.
No, don't. (laughs)
I don't want none of this flirting,
I just wanna have a laugh. Why don't
you wait till Chloe gets here?
If you look at the reflection,
cos that's weird writing,
it looks like "sex, sex, sex".
You would think that, Scott,
wouldn't ya? Of course, man.
Brain's in my dick. Right. First
things first, let's get mortal.
Cheers, kid.
Cheers!
Titting hell.
Me and Gaz rock up to the house
absolutely buzzing.
I just hope everyone's there
so we can get fucking smashed.
(all scream)
Scott and Holly are in there waiting
for us and so is a Jaeger bomb.
The Geordies are back. You could've
picked us up, you fucking dicks!
I had to get the bus!
Scott, you should've told us.
I would've drove past the bus stop
and gave you the fucking finger.
Since Greece,
I've missed having Nathan's life
and now that he's back, I'm gonna
mix him up the Turbo T Special,
a drink which is gonna fucking blow
his dick clean off.
Scott. No, no, no, no! Oh!
He'll never drink that.
He'll never drink that. No, it's too
big. You need to pour a bit out.
Nathan loves it big.
(all chuckle)
I thought you could drive!
Someone could help!
I should never have let Chloe
pick us up, the fucking radgie.
We ended up in Sunderland.
I need a fucking drink.
(all scream)
Chloe actually looks a lot better
this time.
But I'm never gonna tell her
cos she'll fall back in love with us
and constantly blag my head.
Oh, my God, everyone looks so nice!
There's Scott. Come on,
you bad bitch. Ignore the bastard.
Aw.
Hi, Aaron!
No way. That's not like Chloe, that.
Normally, she's fucking all over us.
(laughter)Hello!
Hello, beautiful!
Chloe's got a brand-new look.
She kind of looks like
a classy Kat Slater.
First things first. First things
first. Jaeger bombs.Shit.
Jaeger bombs!
Here, Chloe.
I can't wait to see Nathan's face
when he necks this drink.
That kid is gonna fucking spew
all over.
(all) Cheers!
Whoo!Good to be back.
(all groan)
Oh, that was disgusting.
(all laugh)
You stitched us up there,
didn't you?
I've been in the house 20 seconds
and the lads are already pulling
pranks. This is gonna be fun.
I'm not having this again.
No! I'm not doing it!Oh!
Last time round
we lost Marnie and we lost Kyle,
but we're stronger than ever.
It actually is weird.
Kyle obviously is not here
but Marnie's not here as well.
It is weird.
Like, there's so many memories
in here, isn't there?
How long before you
get back on Team Cock?
Judging by Holly's face,
there's fucking no chance
she's going near any fucking cock.
I'm still gay.
I wasn't hitting on you. Calm down.
Holly got asked a question.
Let her answer it. Shit.
There is a reason why I can't get
back on the cock any more
but I'm not quite ready
to tell anyone yet.
Last time,
it was difficult for everyone.
It affected the whole house.
This time, I wanna have fun.
Get the old Holly back.
No, it's new Holly.
Well, if I'm being totally honest,
it's not exactly the new Holly
because I'm back with Kyle.
And if I told everyone else,
they'd go fucking crazy.
The fuck you got on your head?
Fucker. You'll have no room left.
I was running out of space
so I got my skull done.
Fair play, you've got your skull
tattooed.
But why did you let a seven-year-old
do it? Where's Charlotte?
I rang her on the way and I said,
"Where are you? So excited."
She's got stuff to do before.
Give me a C.
She'll be here soon.
Charlotte's not coming tonight.
It's a small squad. But let's
get this party started.Cheers!
Cheers! Whoo!
Scott. Everyone, go and get ready.
Time for me to wash my cock
because we're going to hit it harder
than ever before.
I did kind of expect, obviously,
to have Charlotte here
to support us through
Kyle not being here.
I'm not very good at giving advice.
But I'll try my hardest.
I'm glad you're here for us.
Me and Holly are getting ready.
It's gonna feel so weird
without Charlotte and Marnie.
It feels like a morgue.
How did you feel when you saw Scott?
Will you go there again? I've got
a new tactic to make him want us.
What is it? I'm gonna ignore him. Be
a bad bitch. Boys love bad bitches.
He'll be eating out of
the palm of my hands.
Will you be able to
when you're drunk? Yeah.
I'm gonna take it steady
cos I wanna be the player this time.
I don't have the slightest bit
of faith that Chloe isn't gonna get
a few drinks down her neck
and be all over Scott.
Last time round, Greece. Aaron,
you banged first. You did well.
So, this time round,
it's game on again.
Tonight is family night, which means
me and Scott can't pull birds.
But don't worry, I'll show you
how it's done tomorrow.
Chloe's in the family.
Lads, don't be starting this shite
again.
Do I like the attention off Chloe?
Aye.
Do I like Chloe and wanna get
with her? Fucking no.
I know for a fine fact,
if she pulled another lad,
you'd be pissed off.I hope she
does. I don't give a fuck.
Scott may or may not fancy Chloe,
but one thing's for sure.
As soon as she gives another lad
any attention, he fucking hates it.
Nathan, you on the pull?
I've got a boyfriend, so no.
What?
What? Is it serious?
Yeah, it is.
What's he called?
Called Craig.
I've got a boyfriend and I'm in love
and I'm not gonna let the house
break me.
I'm going to stay faithful
till the end.Lads, come on!
(screaming)
It's the first night back
and we're gonna do
what we do best, get fucking mortal.
(all shout)
Let's get fucking smashed! Whoo!
It's our first night out. Bijoux.
This place never lets us down.
Let's fucking party.
We get to the club
and everyone starts drinking.
I feel like the
family's back together. Buzzing!
It's our first night back
and it does feel weird
with me not being on the pull
cos I'm in a relationship.
But I can concentrate on
being a good friend to Holly.
Talking about Kyle
is making me feel awkward
and Nathan's being really sweet
and supportive.
Now I feel like the bitch of Bijoux.
I understand why Holly's not
embracing single life
but hopefully that'll change
when Charlotte gets here.
I'm sticking to my game plan
and ignoring Scott.
Who's Scott?
I don't know any Scotts.
Since I'm not on the pull,
I've still gotta have fun.
The best way to do that
on a night out is wind Scott up.
Nice one, Gaz. Let's put that
big, daft radgie to the test.
Surprise, surprise.
Aaron's up for a flirt.
It's a good opportunity
to be a bad bitch.
It'll give Scott
something to think about.
Aaron and Chloe
are dancing and flirting
and in three, two, one... job done.
Chloe, I know I told you
I didn't want nowt to do with you,
but can we not even have
a fucking frisk any more, like?
The bad bitch is on top. Scott is
following us around like a Labrador.
It's time to celebrate and get...
(high-pitched)# ...mortaaaal #
# I'm a bad bitch, bitch, bitch
I'm a bad bitch, bitch, bitch #
As usual on the first night,
everyone is pure buckled
so it's time to bail this club
and get our arses back to the house.
Despite the odd awkward moment,
tonight has been amazing.
But I'm fucking off to bed
before anyone else mentions Kyle.
(all laugh)
We get home and I want to make sure
Nathan gets one of his five a day.
Aaron.
Chilli!
Chilli. (laughs)
(sighing)
We get back to the house
and Chloe straightaway turns back to
her usual self, flirting with Scott.
Where the fuck has the bad bitch
gone? Me and the boys are off to bed.
Scott.
What?
You do know how much I care
about you.
No. You just swept us of my feet.
(giggles) I've done so well tonight
but once I've had a drink,
I can't help but flirt with Scott.
Shit.
I can give you a cuddle
cos I feel like this is, like,
the only time
we've actually been friends.
Like, proper friends,
you know what I mean? Mmm.
I'm telling Scott I like being
just friends but who am I kidding?
I fancy him so much!
I want him to be my boyfriend.
Scott.
What?
Did you notice what
I was doing tonight? No, what?
Was trying to ignore you a bit.
The little rascal's just told me
she was ignoring us on purpose.
She was playing a game
to try and get in my kegs. I'm not
up for it. I've told you that.
No.
I can't handle this any more.
Chloe's good for a frisk but when
she starts to get pure mushy,
it's time for me to open the bakery
cos she's getting fucking pied.
For fuck's sake. Whenever I think
I'm getting close to Scott,
I get pied. I'm absolutely gutted.
I'm going to bed.
I enjoyed it. Last night was wicked,
but Holly was very quiet.
That's not what I'd expect
from a single girl
back in Newcastle,
wanting to have fun.
Do you reckon it's because
Charlotte's not here?
Cos normally she's got Charlotte.
Last night was mint.
We got pissed with the family.
Holly's probably missing Charlotte
a lot. It'll always be hard.
Your best friend and ex-boyfriend
not being here.
It's just so weird.
Everywhere I go, it's just memories.
I had a good night, though.
Keeping my secret
is a lot harder than I thought
it was going to be.
And talking about Kyle
makes me feel awkward.
Can you rate us
on my performance please?
You were a bad bitch
for around about five minutes.
That it? And then you started doing
some weird dancing.
So I wasn't a bad bitch. It was more
crazy bitch than bad bitch.
I really hate to say it, Chloe,
but the truth is,
once a radgie, always a radgie.
Then what happened?
Did you speak to Scott?
I did kind of lower myself and
did tell Scott it was all for him.
But that's only cos I was drunk.
You've fucked it now.
Let's face it.
The bad bitch is dead.
I need a plan B because I'm not
giving up on Scott that easily.
We're all chilling out and
oh, my God, the front door opens.
Please let it be Charlotte!
Hi yous.
(all) Hi.
Fucking hell, it's Anna.
That means we've got to go to work.
I've got the first tash-o-gram.
Scotty.
Oh, God.Hah.
Nathan...
and you, Holly.
Ugh.(Nathan chuckles)
Lads, I've got some costumes for you
in the car. I hope you like them.
Holly...
I want you to wear something glam.
Something that
really shows off your assets. Right.
OK?
Hang on a minute.
Holly gets to go all glammed up
but me and Scott
have got to wear costumes?
That doesn't add up.
What is it?
I don't know what they are.
Don't know what it is but it looks
awful.I'm going upstairs.
It's the first day at work
and Anna's taking the piss.
She's literally got us dressed
like tits.
(laughs)
What a belter.
We're going to see a girl
and it looks as though
she's getting a boob job.
I know exactly what that's like.
So she is going to be buzzing.
What the fuck are we doing?
(cheering)
(all laugh)
We've got a little message for you.
"My sweetest darling,
my reddest rose, I love your eyes
but most of all,
I love those massive pillows."
Holly's talking about tits,
there's birds getting new tits,
me and Nathan are dressed as tits.
I am in tit heaven.
"I wanted to write these words
for I love you to bits
and my love is dedicated
to your new pair of cracking tits."
(all laugh and cheer)
(laughs)
My boobs changed my life and
hopefully they'll change hers, too.
Enjoy your tits.
Have a good day. (laughs)
All in all, that was
a boob job well done.
Last night was so quiet.
There was only two girls.
Me, Gaz and Chloe are chilling out,
waiting for Holly and her tits
to get back from work.
(doorbell rings)
Why the fuck
is the doorbell going off?
(doorbell rings)
Why the fuck
is the doorbell going off?
Hi!
(laughs)
Hello.
The door opens and in walks some new
bird. She looks like my cup of tea.
You all right? I'm Chantelle.
Nice to meet you.
All right?
Hi, Aaron. All right?
Fucking hell. Just when I'm thinking
of a plan B to get with Scott,
this smoking hot newbie turns up.
She could be competition
that I could do without.
She's got a bottle of Aftershock!
(laughs) Drinking already?
Fucking hell. I like your dress.
This girl bounces through the door,
bottle of vodka in one hand,
shots in the other, full of life.
This is gonna get so interesting.
I'm Chantelle, I'm 25.
I'm a feisty party girl
and I love a good night in the toon.
I've got this. Could wear that.
Do you not think it's revealing?
I like a bit of revealing anyways.
Well. (sighs)
Usually my mam's my drinking partner
but fuck it, I can party with anyone.
Have a good time.Bye.
Have a lovely time.
Love you.I love you.
Have a great time.
I will do.Bye.
I'm single, ready to mingle.
I'm going into
that Geordie Shore house
and I'm gonna play the lads
against each other
cos they've never met a bird like me.
Cheers. Welcome to the house.
Thank you. Nice to meet yous.
I can't believe I'm in the Geordie
Shore house and meeting the gang.
It's a good job I brought this drink
because I am nervous.
I just hope they like us.Your boobs
are massive. Are they real?
Aye.Are they?!
Are you single?
Aye.
Wicked.
Fucking hell, Aaron.
That didn't take long.
Show her where she's sleeping.
Do you wanna see the bedroom?
Now that Marnie's left the house,
Chantelle, you're exactly
what I need.
When Chantelle walked in,
Aaron's tongue hit the floor.
But you've gotta play
your cards right
because when Scott comes back,
he will be on her
like a fat kid on cake.
What's the rest of them like?
I think everyone'll like you
cos you're a bit like me.
But I'm a bit thicker.
I'm thick as fuck, though.
Chloe's a belter lass,
she's made us feel dead welcome.
I think we'll get on.
What do you think about the lads?
They're nice.
Do you think Aaron's good-looking?
I think he's lush.
You've both got tattoos and shit.
I've got the new girl on her own
and it's the perfect opportunity
to put a massive copper on Scott.
Scott's the one
who will fuck you over.
That's why I'm in love with him.
I've never told anyone that before!
Oh!Don't tell anyone.
Come here!I know!
I definitely don't wanna be making
any enemies this early.
So don't worry, Chloe.
I won't go near Scott.
Hi, guys.All right?
Oh, hi!
We get back to the house, we walk in
and there's a new girl there.
What the fuck?
And I'm dressed like this!
Meet the new member of the house.
Hold on a minute.
Fucking fresh fanny?
Are yous having a shot?
Yeah! Come on, then.
Aye! Fucking right.
I'm really missing
my best friend Charlotte
and now some loud, radge girl
has made herself at home.
This is the last thing I need.
Are you single?
Aye, but that doesn't matter.
(all laugh) I'm now Chloe's best pal
so you are off fucking limits!
Nae joy!
I've been proper stitched up here,
like, by Anna and now by Chloe.
She's telling the new bird
that I'm all hers. What a fucking
liberty! I'm not even with her!
Chantelle's saying she's never,
ever gonna go anywhere near Scott.
And I trust her because she's
a radgie and radgies never lie.
Thank you. Cheers, darling. Cheers.
Everyone get ready and we are
fucking going out! Let's go, go, go!
I hope Chantelle's ready
for her first night with the crew
cos tonight we are going in.
Me and the lads are getting ready
and I've definitely got
the most pristine, polished pipe
in the fucking North-East,
ready to graft the arse off
Chantelle. She looks fucking lethal.
I wanna put my face
right up her arsehole.
I'm gonna let Scott go in there all
guns blazing and then fuck it up.
I'll just sit back
and hopefully she'll come to me.
We're all getting ready and I wanna
learn more about this newbie.
What's your type?
Have you got a type?
I love the whole tattoo type.
I love it.There you go. (laughs)
Thank God. Scott's got no tattoos.
Scott's got no tattoos!
I can breathe now, you fucker.
This is gonna be perfect.
Chantelle can get with Aaron,
I can get with Scott.
We can go on double dates!
Cheers! Let's do it!
(all shout)
Everybody's ready.
It's Chantelle's first night
so neck your drinks.
Taxis are here, it's off to town.
Buzzing!
Get to House of Smith
and it's pure bouncing.
It's time to get the party started.
Oi, oi!
(all cheer)
The new girl has hit the dance floor
and I don't know what's more feisty,
her attitude or her dance moves.
It's time to turn on
the Scotty T charm.
Surprise, surprise.
Scott's all over Chantelle.
I need to get Aaron in the game
and quick.
Grow some balls, Aaron!
You've got a long wait
if you think
Chantelle is gonna come to you,
especially with Scott
Fucking Shitty T hanging around.
Chantelle's super confident.
She gets all the lads' attention.
It reminds us of when I was single.
But now I'm in a relationship,
I've gotta stay strong
and avoid the cock.
This girl has been here two minutes.
The girls have welcomed her,
Aaron and Scott
are obsessed with her.
When did walking in
the Geordie Shore house get so easy?
I know Chantelle said
she isn't gonna go there
but seeing them together
makes us jealous.
I really hope that Chloe manages
to keep her shit together
and doesn't kick off cos
that'll bring the mood down.
Trust me, I know. I've been there.
Scott is proper taking over the dance
floor and looks like a right laugh.
I wonder how long him and Chloe
have had a thing for.
This is doing my fucking nut in.
I've told everyone 1,000 times.
I do not fancy Chloe.
There's two sides to every story
and it sounds like Scott was never
into Chloe in the first place.
But I don't see Scott in that way.
Do I?
As I thought, Scott is running hard.
I just hope that he fucks it up.
As for Chloe, it looks like
she's gonna completely flip her lid.
I can't handle watching Scott
graft Chantelle.
I'm just gonna get mortal
and forget about it.
Tonight's been absolutely amazing
but once again,
Chloe has lost her marbles.
Now it's time to get back
to the house. Let's go, let's go!
I was nervous about getting accepted
by the Geordie Shore crew
but so far so good and I think
they're warming to us.
(all shouting)
We've had a wicked night
but it's not over yet.
It's hot tub time.
Chantelle looks wicked
in normal clothes
but she looks even better
in a bikini.
(shrieking)
(squeals)
I go to get in the hot tub
and I fall over.
You know what I'm like,
clumsy as fuck.
It's time to get to know our new
family member a little bit better.
Aaron, here's a brag for you.
Chantelle is gonna pick me over you.
Soz.
Brag.
Brag. Brag.
This is far too easy.
No fucking way.
Brag! Brag.
Brag.
Me. I've got a little something that
I think might blow these lots' minds.
Brag!
(all cheer)
As if this girl could get any
better. I fucking love strippers.
Well, lucky for her that I'm always
carrying round a huge steel pole
in my fucking kegs.
Chantelle reveals that
she used to be a stripper.
They are professional cock teases.
Aaron, Scott, yous are fucked.
It's obvious that Aaron and Scott
fancy Chantelle.
Can't wait to find out
what happens tomorrow.
(groaning)
How was your first night?
Oh, it was belter.
I was fucking mortal, me.
You were crawling around the floor.
Like a chicken or a cat?
Probably more like a dog.
Last night, I let Scott get
under my skin so I got mortal.
We've all been there. If the lad
that you like shows anybody,
doesn't matter who it is,
the slightest bit of attention,
it's just jealousy. It's natural.
Last night Scott told me
there was nothing more than a bang
between him and Chloe,
so I think Chloe needs to let go.
(Scott)Last night was wicked.
Don't even get us started on that.
Fucking pisses me fucking clean off.
Actually, I look at her
in the middle of a night club
and go, "I'm embarrassed
to be with you."
I do feel sorry for Chloe.
She lives in a house with a lad
who wants nothing to do with her.
She needs to get over him
and move on.
Anyways, Scott.
You know what you need to do?
Cos you know you do this.
You flirt with her. Not at all now.
Fuck off.You do.You did it
the first night, don't lie.
That's why I'm not doing anything.
You always say that.
I'm not going near her.
Yesterday I didn't talk to her.
Last night Chloe made a tit
of herself.
When is she gonna learn
that I'm not interested?
Yeah, I'm fucking bored.
I wanna get out this house today.
We've got a new family member
so let's take her out
and get to know her. Bowling?
Bowling's shit.
It's not.Bowling's wicked!
Why don't we just go swimming?
Yes! Let's hit the pool
and throw ourself down some slides.
Girls!
This is perfect.
I love slides, I love swimming
and I love the fact I'm gonna see
Chantelle in a bikini once again.
Listen, girls.
We're gonna take you swimming.
(lads laugh and cheer)
Great call, lads. I've just done
my bloody make-up. Thanks.
(all chatting and laughing)
We get to the swimming pool
and I know I wasn't too excited
before
but now I seen the slide,
I'm absolutely buzzing. Yes-aye!
Me and the girls are walking down
like a scene from Baywatch.
We look sexy and I feel sexy, too.
The only thing better
than Chantelle in a swimsuit
is Chantelle
in a see-through swimsuit.
She must have worn
that swimming costume before.
Of course she knew
it was see-through.
I've only been here two minutes
and they've all seen my tits.
People pay good money to see these.
Fucking hell, that slide was quick.
My balls are bouncing around
in my belly.
(cheering)
Scott's cosying up to Chantelle
and for Chloe this must be
hard to watch.
I just hope she keeps her shit
together.
Since Scott pied us
on the first night,
my head has been all over the place.
And watching him flirt
with Chantelle is upsetting
because I've got feelings
that I can't turn off.
The only way to get through
to Chloe is tough love.
Scott'll bang ya,
but he'll never fucking love ya.
I'm an emotional wreck.
I'm up and down like a yo-yo.
I just don't know what to do.
Scott's idea wasn't so bad
after all. We've had a wicked day
but it's time to get back to
the house and get ready for tonight.
So tonight'll be very interesting.
With Aaron and Scott,
it is a healthy rivalry
when it comes to girls.
But I don't want them to kick off
like they did over Marnie.
It's all friendly and hopefully
it stays like that.
But knowing me and Scott...
(laughs) We're a fucking nightmare.
The more time I spend with Chantelle
the more I think she's all right.
She's confident and canny
and it's good having her around.
At the minute, it's fun and games.
When someone gets to first base,
that's when you're like, "Fuck, I've
lost." That's when it gets naughty.
I do like Chantelle so this time
there's a lot at stake.
I think tonight's gonna be wicked
cos we've had a good family day,
do you not think?
I think I looked on. Fully. Scott
should be dropping at these feet.
Erm, we've already had a conversation
about this today
so the thing with Scott is over,
isn't it?Yeah, it is.
I know I said it a few times but
this time, I can feel it in my soul.
And I've never felt anything in
my soul before. Apart from a cock.
(laughter)I'm not gonna dance
like a complete divvy tonight.
I'm not gonna get too drunk
and I'm not gonna kill Scott.
It'll be hard, but fingers crossed.
Let's fucking go out!
(all) Whoo!
Everyone's dressed and it's time
to party. Let's get fucking mortal.
Get to Florita's,
it's fucking rammed.
This is what it's all about,
party time.
Whoo!
All right, Hol?
Hi.
I've known Holly for ages. Instead
of getting pissed and pulling lads
like a single girl would,
she's acting like a nun.
Everyone thinks I'm quiet because
I'm waiting for Charlotte.
But I'm never gonna act single
because I'm with Kyle.
This is getting awkward.
Holly's obviously missing Charlotte
a lot and so am I.
After Greece, we got on so well
cos we're both in relationships.
So we both want her back.
Tonight, I can feel it,
I'm not gonna kick off.
I want everyone
to have a good night.
I was worried I'd find going out
with the family difficult
now I have a boyfriend. But it means
I can look after Chloe and Holly
and I'm a better friend for it.
It's quite clear Scott and Aaron
are both gonna go for Chantelle
so I've got the perfect idea.
I hope me going on a date with Scott
won't piss Chloe off too much.
I've probably just done Aaron
a favour.
He actually gets some alone time
with Chantelle,
rather than trying to fight Scott.
It is only fair that me and Scott
both take Chantelle on a date.
I suppose I've gotta give him
a fighting chance.
Me and Aaron have been here before.
We've fought over Marnie
and I've got a fucking feeling
it's gonna happen again.
Tonight is amazing
and I still haven't kicked off.
I've surprised myself.
Pat on the back for Chloe!
Chloe is no longer a little girl.
She's become a woman and I'm proud
of her for not kicking off.
I've got myself
in this dating situation
and I wanna talk
to one of the girls about it.
And for obvious reasons, not Chloe.
What the hell? Chantelle is prepared
to piss Chloe off
and let Scott take her out
on a date?
This girl is either very brave
or very fucking stupid.
Problem is, I'm feeling like
a two-faced bitch
cos I told Chloe
I wouldn't go there with Scott.
All in all, tonight's been a success.
Chloe didn't kick off
so it's time to go back to the house.
The fuck are you doing?!
We're missing Charlotte but life
back in Newcastle has been amazing
and the family's in a really good
place now.
Should we go upstairs, Chlo?
Yes. Come on.
Chloe is doing well tonight
but I feel like she might kick off
when she finds out that Chantelle
and Scott are going on a date
so I wanna break the news gently.
I was talking to Chantelle
and she said she's going on one date
with Aaron
and she's going on one date
with Scott.
(exhales) Like, I'm just gonna cry.
I don't understand.
Chantelle's told me
she wouldn't go anywhere near Scott.
What happened to girl code?
I wanted to tell you.
I know they like each other.
I can just tell.
If I was coming into a new family
that I didn't know,
I would never wanna do anything
to piss anyone off.
But Chantelle doesn't give a fuck
and she's gonna do
whatever she wants.
Chantelle is lucky
I'm not that drunk tonight
because it could've been
World War Three.
I'm gonna put my pyjamas on.
I'm over the moon
that I've settled in and I'm buzzing.
I've got two dates
with two belter lads.
I'm hoping it's not gonna cause
any problems with the lasses.
I can't wait to take
my fucking shit off my face.
I'm so gutted I don't even wanna
talk to Chantelle.
I just wanna go to bed.
It's been a wicked night
but I'm gonna get some rest
before the big date tomorrow.
Until then, it's bed time.
I can't sleep and I can't stop
thinking about that fucking date.
I'm raging inside but I can't let
anyone see us kick off.
Fucking hell.
Now I'm feeling
really, really depressed.
Scott is inside my head
and I just can't get him out.
# Everyone's here to party
# If you wanna go wild
You're gonna go wild
# Everyone's here to party
# If you wanna go wild
You're gonna go
# Everyone's here to party
# If you wanna go wild
You're gonna go wild
# Everyone's here to party
Let's party hard
# Gonna go wild
# We're gonna go wild
Wanna go party
# Let's party hard
# Going hard going hard going hard #
.